c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\odatatest.dll.config
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\odatatest.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\odatatest.pdb
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\obj\Debug\odatatest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\obj\Debug\odatatest.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\obj\Debug\odatatest.pdb
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\Microsoft.OData.Core.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\Microsoft.OData.Edm.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\Microsoft.Spatial.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\System.Web.OData.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.xml
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\Microsoft.OData.Core.xml
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\Microsoft.OData.Edm.xml
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\Microsoft.Spatial.xml
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\System.Web.OData.xml
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\de\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\es\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\fr\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\it\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\ja\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\ko\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\ru\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\de\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\es\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\fr\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\it\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\ja\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\ko\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\ru\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\de\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\es\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\fr\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\it\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\ja\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\ko\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\ru\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\joostbader\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\odatatest\odatatest\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
